move example of spring web to guide (#839)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: src/docs/common/callouts/callout-spring-ann-scheduled.adoc

> https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/scheduling/annotation/Scheduled.html[org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.Scheduled] maps to https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/api/io/micronaut/scheduling/annotation/Scheduled.html[io.micronaut.scheduling.annotation.Scheduled] at compilation time. You can use `@Scheduled` annotation to schedule a re-occurring task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/scheduling/annotation/Scheduled.html[org.springframework.scheduling.annotation.Scheduled] maps to https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/api/io/micronaut/scheduling/annotation/Scheduled.html[io.micronaut.scheduling.annotation.Scheduled] at compilation time. You can use `@Scheduled` annotation to schedule a recurring task.
```
